# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2024-02-27

*February 27th, 2024*

## Attendees

* TBC

Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business
  
## Open issues and PRs

### Release 0.2.0


- No new comments or bugs reported for [RC3](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/155)

- Discuss release approval

### Review other Issues and PRs

No new comments or progress on the ongoing issues and PRs

#### Ongoing

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - Link with Commonalities here: https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94
  - Review PR status and new comments
  - AP: TelefÃ³nica will provide a proposal updating a few aspects of Ludovic's proposal after checking with internal QA team. -> Still pending
  

* [Geofencing - Adding a value in Termination Reason value enum](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/141)

  AP from previous meeting:
  - Ludovic will create an Issue in Commonalities. -> Pending?


* [Geofencing API - Add Subscription type 'area-left-or-entered' to subscribe to both event in one time](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/138)

  Discussed during previous meeting:
  - Alignement with device status was discussed.

  No issue created so far in Commonalities


* [Define guidelines for geofencing implementation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/133)
  - No new comments.
  - Discuss next steps in meeting


* [Geofencing API - Adding capability to manage max number of notification](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/111)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/90)
  - New [PR](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/131) -> Still nor merged 

* [Implement use of linting rule set for Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/125)
  - Tested locally before creating RC3
  - Review status in [Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/142)

* [Geofencing API - Defining a standard behavior for first event](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/124)
  - Moved to Commonalities [Issue 140](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/140)
  - No comments in the last 2 weeks

* [Geofencing API - Add "format: uri" to notificationUrl](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/118)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93)
  - No comments in the last 2 weeks

### Open discussions

- No new comments since last meeting.

#### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - [Document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal
  * Review this document. 

  This item should be reopen after MWC.

#### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - As requested by Joachim, issue will remain open until TEF uploads the document with more detail or the information is added to an API_documentation file to keep in the repo for future references.

## AOB

- Next call will be on **March 12th, 2024**

<p>

