# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-08-29

*August 29th, 2023*

## Attendees

* TBC

QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business

## Open issues and PRs


### Location Retrieval, v0.1-wip (Get raw location)

* [Issue #40](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/40), [PR #55](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/55)
  - Official name to be location-retrieval ??
  - Reviewed, has 2 approvals. Ready to be merged
  - Ludovic will work on the documentation only once PR#55 has been merged


### Geofencing v0.1-wip (Subscription for Location Area) 

* [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/18), [PR #74](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/74)
  - Some comments still pending
  - Discussion in Commonalities (CloudEvents) to be followed, for alignment if needed. Any update?
  - Close to be merge as v0.1.0-wip, inline doc to be added later 


### Roadmap to Release v0.2

* Proposal to create v0.2-rc for location-verification, updating Changelog and Release notes. 
  - Give a couple of weeks for final testing and comments
  - Approve a release after next meeting

* Add WIP versions of the other APIs to release or leave them for subsequent release?
  - location-retrieval v0.1.0-wip 
  - geofencing v0.1.0-wip  


### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #58](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/58) about what is expected behaviour when requested accuracy is more restrictive that the one that network is able to satisfy. 

* New [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - TEF provided a doc with a proposal and use cases for the implementation of 'Partial' and matchRate
  - Further discussion needed.

### Postal Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - Old [PR #47](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/47) to be closed when new one is created.

* No new comments since last meeting, same questions/doubts:
  - How to handle the 'diversity' of the 'geo' code that we can have in a given country.
  - How to discover what is implemented by each provider.
  - Error scenario must be defined in CAMARA if the area type requested is not supported by the telco


## AOB


<p>

**Next call is on September 12th**
