# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-09-12

*September 12th, 2023*

## Attendees

* TBC


QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business

## Open issues and PRs


### Location Retrieval, v0.1-wip (Get raw location)

* [Issue #40](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/40), [PR #55](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/55)
  - **Already merged**


### Geofencing v0.1-wip (Subscription for Location Area) 

* [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/18), [PR #74](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/74)
  - Some changes done by DT
  - Ludovic suggests to wait until  new guidelines are approved in Commonalities, to be aligned with [CloudEvents](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/56)
  

### Roadmap to Release v0.2

* The proposed process for a version is to have a version x.y-wip then x.y-rc and then finally released as x.y. This pattern is used in QoD.
* Align the Device Location API with the security schema as described in Unify specification of `securitySchemes`, `security` and scopes, [Commonalities Issue #53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53), [PR #57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57)
  - PR still not merged, should we wait or can we apply new guidelines already here?
* Next steps:
  - Create v0.2-rc for location-verification, updating Changelog and Release notes.
  - Add location-retrieval v0.1.0-wip 
  - Add geofencing v0.1.0-wip, if aligned with Commonalities -> This may be delayed, should we wait?  
  - Give a couple of weeks for final testing and comments


### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #58](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/58) about what is expected behaviour when requested accuracy is more restrictive that the one that network is able to satisfy. 
* New [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - TEF provided a doc with a proposal and use cases for the implementation of 'Partial' and matchRate
  - New comment by Orange, with new approach to be discussed

### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - Old [PR #47](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/47) closed.
* No new comments since last meeting, same questions/doubts:
  - How to handle the 'diversity' of the 'geo' code that we can have in a given country.
  - How to discover what is implemented by each provider.
  - Error scenario must be defined in CAMARA if the area type requested is not supported by the telco.
* Discussion during the meeting:
  - These questions could have a larger magnitude than this Device location API and should also infuse in Commonalities
  - Adding Open Gateway product in the discussion could make sense as this OPGW could probably restrict a CAMARA API capability
  - Discussion on the 'critical mass' to introduce API or API capability within one country.



## AOB
N/A 

<p>

**Next call is on September 26th**
