# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2024-03-12

*March 12th, 2024*

## Attendees

* TBC

Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)


> [!IMPORTANT]
> [Release 0.2.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/releases/tag/v0.2.0) official!!
>
> New merges to be consolidated towards next -wip versions


## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business
  
## Open issues and PRs 

### New

#### Corrections

* [[location-verification] Precise the description when matchRate needs to be set for PARTIAL-results](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/158)
  - Fixed in [PR 159](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/159)

* [Add x-correlator as specified in the guideline](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/160)
  - PR to be created

* [subscriptionExpireTime is declared as "required" in the subscription-ends - note, but is optional currently](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/161)
* Fixed along with old issue [Geofencing API - Adding capability to manage max number of notification](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/111)
  - Fixed in [PR 163](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/163)

* [[Geofencing]: Invalid area example for POST /subscriptions](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/164)
  - Fixed in [PR 165](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/165)

* [Remove API from info.title](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/169)
  - To be discussed in meeting

#### Documentation

* [Should 501 NOT_IMPLEMENTED be returned for unimplemented DeviceLocation APIs?](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/168)
  - To be discussed in meeting

#### Ongoing

* [Implement use of linting rule set for Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/125)
  - New PRs: [Introducing corrections for yamllint](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/166) and [Adding configuration for Github Actions with linting ruleset](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/167)
  - To be discussed in meeting

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - New issue in Commonalities to discuss [Enhancement of the Testing Guidelines](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/158) by TEF 
  - To be discussed in meeting

* [Geofencing - Adding a value in Termination Reason value enum](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/141)
  - Ludovic will create an Issue in Commonalities. -> Pending, double check with Ludovic
  - Related issues in [DeviceStatus](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/117) and QoD

* [Geofencing API - Add Subscription type 'area-left-or-entered' to subscribe to both event in one time](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/138)
  - New issue in Commonalities [Subscription-Issue2: Allow event consumers to subscribe to more than one event types with a single subscription](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/154)
  - Review status

* [Geofencing API - Defining a standard behavior for first event](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/124)
  - Moved to Commonalities [Issue 140](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/140)
  - No comments in the issue in the last 2 weeks
  - Review last comments 

* [Define guidelines for geofencing implementation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/133)
  - No new comments.
  - Connected with [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85). A document with implementation guideline should cover this also.


* [Geofencing API - Add "format: uri" to notificationUrl](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/118)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93)
  - No comments in the last 2 weeks
  - Wait for outcome

### Long term discussions

#### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - [Document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal. 

  This item should be reopen after MWC.

  - We should discussed approach on this for next release. Should we incorporate this to current operations, should we split this functionality to new endpoints or even separate APIs?

#### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - As requested by Joachim, issue will remain open until TEF uploads the document with more detail or the information is added to an API_documentation file to keep in the repo for future references.

## AOB

<p>

- Next call would be on **March 26th, 2024**
- Easter week, discuss if people would be available

<p>

