# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-11-21

*November 21st, 2023*

## Attendees

- TBC

Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business
  
## Open issues and PRs

### Review Release Candidate v0.2

* Review latest comments in ongoing PRs for APIs, and decide if ready to be merged:
  - [location-verification.yaml v0.2 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/104)
  - [location-retrieval.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/114)
  - [geofencing.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/116)

* Review latest comments in PR for README and CHANGELOG, and decide if ready to be merged:
  - [Release Notes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/106)
  - *Links will work after branch for Release-0.2.0 is created* 

### Review other Issues and PRs

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - Discuss during meeting 

* [Adjust IP Adresses device in device to use single IP adresses](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/117)
  - To be aligned with ongoing discussion and [PR in QoD](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/237)

* [Geofencing API - Add "format: uri" to notificationUrl](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/118)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93)

* [Geofencing API - Adding capability to manage max number of notification](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/111)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/90)

* [Geofencing API - Semantic error](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/109)
  - Solved?

* [security and scopes for the Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/105)
  - Discuss during meeting

### Open discussions

#### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - TEF provided a doc with a proposal and use cases for the implementation of 'Partial' and matchRate

* New comments in Github from Joachim
  * 3 scenarios illustrated
  * [action] Review this comment.

#### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - New [document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal
* [action] Review this document.

## AOB


<p>

**Next call is on December 5th**
