# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-03-14

*March 14th, 2023*

## Attendees

* José Luis Urien (Telefónica)
* TBC



QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* WoW: PRs to main branch
* Any other business

## Discussion

| Agenda Item | Description | Discussion & Action Points |
| ----------- | ----------- | ------------ |
| Alignment with guidelines | [Issue #15](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/15), related to [Issue #12](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/12). We must adapt errors and properties to guidelines<br> - New error format approved in Commonalities<br> - New model for `UeId` is being discussed in [QualityOnDemand](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand) WG. New terms agreed, pending to be submitted to Commonalities | - ~~**@jlurien to create PR to align errors to new error model**~~ [Merged](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/28) <br><br>- Wait until discussions on new model for `UeId` are completed in QualityOnDemand and align with them. |
| Subscription for Location Area | [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/18), [PR #27](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/27)<br> - Some feedback by Orange and Telefónica<br> - Some pending comments  | - Add DELETE and GET?<br> - Support for susbcription termination due to consent removal, new event?<br> - Align with discussion in  [DeviceStatus, #17](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/27)<br><br> - Merge or hold? |
| Enhancing response to cover partial matches | [Issue #20](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/20), [PR #31](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/31)<br> - Feedback from Orange to make `matchRate` optional | - Any further feedback?<br><br> - Merge or hold? |
| Polymorphic Area | [Issue #26](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/26), [PR #29](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/29)<br> - New polymorphic model proposed. Only current `type =  Circle` added<br> - Prepared for new types |  - Any further feedback?<br> - New types to be proposed, e.g. Postcode, polygon?<br><br> - Merge or hold?  |
| Path rename | [Issue #30](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/30)<br> - Proposal to rename path from `/verify` to `/verifications`, to align with guidelines<br> - Feedback from Orange and Telefónica | - **@rartych to open PR**  |
| Multiple devices per request | [Issue #32](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/32), [PR #33](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/33)<br> - Proposal to enable the location verification for multiple devices in one call.<br> - Feedback from Telefónica, Orange | - Discuss the implications |
| Add `maxAge` | [Issue #34](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/34)<br> - Mentioned previously but new issue<br> - Feedback from Telefónica | - Discuss the implications |
| WoW: PRs to main | - It was agreed in Commonalities to keep the latest changes in `main` branch, even if it is no a stable version<br> | - Proposal to merge current agreed PRs into `dev-0.2.0` branch, and then merge branch to `main` as version 0.2.0-wip<br> - Any pending PR to branch `dev-0.2.0` to be moved to `main`<br> - New PRs to be made to `main`


## AOB

* Next call is on March 28th.