# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-12-19

*December 19th, 2023*

## Attendees


- TBC

Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business
  
## Open issues and PRs

### Review Release Candidate v0.2

* Review latest comments in ongoing PRs for APIs, and decide if ready to be merged:
  - [location-verification.yaml v0.2 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/blob/main/code/API_definitions/location-verification.yaml)
       - Already merged
       - Minor fix merged: [Fix MaxAge type](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/126)
       - Any further comment/bug found?
  - [location-retrieval.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/114)
      - PR approved
      - Ready to be merged
  - [geofencing.yaml v0.1 Release Candidate](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/116)
      - PR approved (Ludovic? double check)
      - Ready to be merged

* Review latest comments in PR for README and CHANGELOG, and decide if ready to be merged:
  - [Release Notes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/106)
  - *Links will work after branch for Release-0.2.0 is created*
  - No new comment since last meeting

### Review other Issues and PRs

#### New

* [Implement use of linting rule set for Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/125)
  - Tested locally

* [Geofencing API - Defining a standard behavior for first event](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/124)
  - Relevant question for possible enhancement. To be discussed.

#### From previous meeting

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - Link with Commonalities here: https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94
  - No progress

* [Adjust IP Adresses device in device to use single IP adresses](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/117)
  - Already done, to be closed when merged

* [Geofencing API - Add "format: uri" to notificationUrl](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/118)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93)
  - still open

* [Geofencing API - Adding capability to manage max number of notification](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/111)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/90)
  - still open - no progress

* [security and scopes for the Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/105)
  - Ludovic answered.
  - To be closed

* [Documentation Updated](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/102)
  - part of https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/104
  - To be closed when merged

### Open discussions

#### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - TEF provided a doc with a proposal and use cases for the implementation of 'Partial' and matchRate
  - During previous meeting we agreed to use the formula defined in the Word document.
  - Descriptions regarding partials and matchRate has been added in location-verification yaml
  - As requested by Joachim, issue will remain open until TEF uploads the document with more detail or the information is added to an API_documentation file to keep in the repo for future references.


#### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - New [document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal
* [action] Review this document. 
    - Not progress but during last call we agreed that this feature is not top priority right now but will be discussed next year.


## AOB

- Decide on next call date in January

<p>

**Next call is on TBD**
