# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-06-06

*June 6th, 2023*

## Attendees

* TBC


QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business

## Open issues and PRs

### Alignment with guidelines

* [Issue #15](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/15), related to [Issue #12](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/12)

* New model for `ueId`/`device` defined in [QualityOnDemand](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand), including new model for IPv4Address. 
  
* New PR #61 [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/61]. Reviewed by Orange 
* **Ready for merge?**

### Subscription for Location Area 

* [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/18), [PR #49](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/49)

* Discussed in [Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/156)
  - New model now consolidated in Guidelines.
  - New [PR in QoD](https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/pull/155) with a similar alignment to guidelines. It could be taken as example.

* [PR #49](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/49) by @maxl2287 (DT) needs to be adapted. **To discuss if DT continues with this task** 

### New API to provide raw location

* [Issue #40](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/40), [PR #55](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/55)
  
* Agreed to have a separate API from the current one
  - Proposal to move current one to a new basePath, e.g. `device-location-verification`, and leave `device-location` to this new one
  - Issue [#59](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/59). **To discuss during meeting**

* Review PR by Ludovic
  - Discussion about modelling endpoint as POST vs GET in [Commonalities Issue #212](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/212)
  - Seems there is consensus about using POST for use cases like this one
  - Some comments and fixes in PR. **To discuss next steps during meeting**

### Add new parameter `maxAge` 

* [Issue #34](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/34), [PR #53](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/53)

* Some comments on the issue, no comments on PR

* **@all, please provide comments to PR**. No comments during past 2 weeks. Decide on next steps.

### Consolidate documentation into spec

* Adopt [decision in Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/164) about keeping API documentation as part of the spec

* **@JosÃ© will make it but after subscription is closed (and implemented)** -> Pending

### Units for radius

* [Issue #52](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/52). Review doc/guidelines about units
  - OK for doc enhancement
  - Need to check if we are using meter or kilometer.
  
* [Issue #60](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/60)
  - No comments so far
  - Discuss during meeting

### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #58](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/58) about what is expected behaviour when requested accuracy is more restrictive that the one that network is able to satisfy. 
  - No comments so far
  - Discuss during meeting

### Roadmap for Release v0.2

- Which PRs/Issues should be in the scope for Release v0.2?
- Do we leave new API (get raw location) for next release?
- Tentative date

### Postal Code Area

* [Issue #39](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/39), [PR #47](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/47)

* Proposal by TEF to add Postal Codes as new type of area, lack of support from other partners about the business case

* TEF keeps the PR on hold

## AOB


<p>

**Next call is on June 20th.**
