# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2023-10-24

*October 24th, 2023*

## Attendees

* TBC


Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business

## Open issues and PRs


### Geofencing v0.1-wip (Subscription for Location Area) 

* [Issue #18](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/18), [PR #74](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/74)
  - Review last comments in PR


### New: Location retrieval - Allow additional area types in the response

* [Issue #94](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/94)
  - Review last [PR #100](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/100) adding polygon


### Roadmap to Release v0.2

* The proposed process for a version is to have a version x.y-wip then x.y-rc and then finally released as x.y. This pattern is used in QoD.

* Align the Device Location API with the security schema as described in Unify specification of `securitySchemes`, `security` and scopes, [Commonalities Issue #53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53), [PR #57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57)
  - [PR #95](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/95) for location-verification, already merged after discussion in TSC.
  - Apply the same to location-retrieval and geofencing?

* Naming of the Release
  - Issue opened in [Commonalities Issue #60](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/60)
  - Review discussion in TSC and agree on a name

* Release content:
  - location-verification v0.2-rc
  - location-retrieval v0.1.0-wip 
  - geofencing v0.1.0-wip
  - Changelog and Release notes.


### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - TEF provided a doc with a proposal and use cases for the implementation of 'Partial' and matchRate

* No new comments in Github

### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - New [document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal


## AOB
N/A 

<p>

**Next call is on November 7th**
