# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - 2024-01-16

*January 16th, 2024*

## Attendees

TBC


Device Location minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues and PRs
* Any other business
  
## Open issues and PRs

### Review v0.2-rc2

- Release Candidate was created in [branch](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/release-0.2.0-rc)
- [Prepare RC2](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/134) PR already merged
- Errors reported, to be fixed in RC2:
  - [Correct YAML examples to use upper case enum of areaType](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/136)
    - Create PR with fix

  - [Fix format for attribute lastLocationTime in location retrieval](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/137)
    - Create PR with fix

  - [Rename in the OAS SubscriptionEventType to NotificationEventType](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/139)
    - Create PR to change schema names

- Create RC2 branch and release tag

### Review other Issues and PRs

#### New

  - [Geofencing API - Add Subscription type 'area-left-or-entered' to subscribe to both event in one time](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/138)
    - Review comments

  - [Revise Description to Meet GDPR Compliance - REMOVAL OF " Location-based advertising" in Documentation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/135)
    - Review comments

  - [Define guidelines for geofencing implementation](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/133)
    - Review comments

#### Ongoing

* [Add Test Definition for location Retrieval #119](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/119/files)
  - Link with Commonalities here: https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94
  - Review PR status

* [Implement use of linting rule set for Device Location API](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/125)
  - Next steps

* [Geofencing API - Defining a standard behavior for first event](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/124)
  - Review comments, next steps

* [Geofencing API - Add "format: uri" to notificationUrl](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/118)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93)
  - still open

* [Geofencing API - Adding capability to manage max number of notification](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/111)
  - Moved to [commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/90)
  - still open - no progress


### Open discussions

#### Administrative Code Area

* New [Issue #83](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/83), with formal requirements from GSMA Product track
  - New [document uploaded by TEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/files/12856149/AdminCode.Proposal.-.Draft_20230926.docx) with a proposal
* [action] Review this document. 
    - Not progress but during last call we agreed that this feature is not top priority right now but will be discussed next year.


#### Behaviour when requesting too high precision

* [Issue #85](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/85)
  - As requested by Joachim, issue will remain open until TEF uploads the document with more detail or the information is added to an API_documentation file to keep in the repo for future references.

## AOB

- Next call will be **January 30th, 2024**

<p>

