# CAMARA DeviceLocation meeting - DRAFT MOM-2023-01-31

*January 31st, 2023*

## Attendees

* José Luis Urien (Telefónica)
* ...

QoD minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Introductions
* Overview of release management
* Review WoW for new proposals
* Open issues and PRs
* Noel from DT would like to present a couple of points
* TEF to propose enhancement of the response to cover partial matches
* Any other business

## Discussion

| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Release management | Current version tagged as v0.1.0.<br>Versioning still being discussed in Commonalities.<br>We have a dev-v0.2.0 branch where new PRs are proposed, but other WGs are pulling PRs directly to main.
| WoW | - First we should open a new issue to propose anything new. Get feedback and comments on issue.<br>- After some agreement, open a PR with details.<br>- To merge a PR we need at least 2 approvals, including Code Owners.  |
| Add `maxAge` | [PR #9](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/pull/9) proposing new request parameter. Discussion on the PR still open |
| Alignment with guidelines | [Issue #15](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/15), related to [Issue #12](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/issues/12).<br> We must adapt errors and properties to guidelines |
| New points by DT | DT is currently working on an implementation against the nef and also I would love to discussss a new feature – subscription based tracking. |
| Covering partial matches (TEF) | [Issue TBC] Current response with a single boolean leaves some ambiguous scenarios where there are partial matches. |


## AOB

* Next call is on February 14th.